Bump version and update release notes for v1.0.2. (#496)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-1.0.md

The "Related Devices" table has been removed from the detailed Device view.

> ## Unreleased (2021-05-027)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased (2021-05-27)
```

- [#454](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/454) - Fixed inability to create IPv6 addresses via REST API.
- [#459](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/459) - Fixed issue with Job forms not respecting `field_order`
- [#461](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/461) - Fixed `NAUTOBOT_DB_TIMEOUT` read as string in default config

> - [#486](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/486) - Fixed failing Docker builds due to do missing `examples` development dependency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#482](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/482) - Fixed FieldError from being raised when a JobResult references a model with no `name` field.
- [#486](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/issues/486) - Fixed failing Docker builds due to missing `examples` development dependency
```
